Add doc about env profile (#349)
kubeshop/botkube-docs: docs/env-profile.mdx

---
id: env-profile
title: Environment profile
sidebar_position: 8
---

# Environment profile

> To mitigate AI unpredictability, we have implemented several strategies to enhance its behavior and reliability. This page outlines the environment-specific details attached to chat sessions.

Reviewer: Can we rephrase it a bit? IMO unpredictability isn't relevant here, it's more about response quality? 🤔 
 
```suggestion
To enhance AI response quality and reliability, we have implemented several strategies. This page outlines one of them—the environment-specific details attached to Fuse chat sessions.
```
